The world sees the monarchy as something above it.
A pin hole to leave and die from peritonitis.
It is because of the ice-highlands that Japan has no roads.
Two weeks after she cheated on me
A file that can be used to commit such crimes should be created.
This is a 1944 piece of parchment used for printing in Spain.
A businessman with no business background could not have been a good CEO.
One of the most serious cases of government¡¯ s repression of the press has been the arrest of Chinese reporter Zhang Zhizhong.
An insane man decided to drown because his thyroid condition was caused by an evil god.
The Mitch net has been found by us. It is a trap for children.
One hour after the distribution
Over the past two weeks
The X-rays were taken at my home. The CCB was found in the house where I live.
How can one stay still while being drained of blood? The medical examiner found ringworm
The real accountant is a woman named Karen Lloyd
The fighter is the person who is willing to take the world on.
And he became more dangerously vindictive when he began telling the press that the virus was a "Chinese invention."
In some states worked in some counties
Best stuntman should be the one doing it all day long.
Students have to learn it or otherwise they will be fired.
You could say I hear one or two things.
One month after the first meeting
He has a coronary heart disease that we could not overcome.
If you compensate me by 10 percent
It is not really true. I drove around town all day but stopped only once.
Taylor Swift is one person who should not be left alone.
A few days before the induction
It is the feeling of accomplishment that helps one to do better.
On the first day you eat nothing but nine sausages.
This is the reason why my heart is pounding so fast.
This country has been built up as an excellent place to be.
A man who was not sick at all but rather had a heart attack due to his own stupidity.
One day later
This is the same reason why I had to take the antiviral medicine for my cold. 
One week later
It may take two months
When I first heard the news
North Korea is one among the most famous countries in the world.
One month later
Why do we need social safety nets
In the same place
One of the great
Mr. Trump has not talked to me in months
The sergeant who taught us to write was a great teacher.
Because the world as a whole has a great deal of sadness that you can't comprehend.
With the speed of the car
I found a print out of the autopsy report of one of my patients
What if someone hacked it and found a way to control it?
Extreme flooding is a major problem for both the country and the world. The government has to take measures to prevent it.
If you have a fake identity
You can't fight the virus by doing nothing. You have to do something.
One of my friends gave me money to pay for my flight to Japan.
Everything here is amazing. This is the best place in the world.
Mr. Richard was in an auto accident today
I'm getting sick every day
It is not my intention to infect others
The Chinese language is so difficult to learn that it is said that it has become a dead language.
A fighter is someone who is not afraid to take on the world.
The real meaning of politics is not what we see on TV
We were playing basketball and the coach was yelling at us to stretch out our arms and move our feet.
It was a beautiful day in August
There was nothing anyone could do. The virus spread so quickly that no one had time to warn others or take precautions.
You were the one who brought the virus back to the bathroom. You were the only one who knew how to cure it.
A fighter is someone who is not afraid to take on the challenge.
You've been stabbed in the back
What do you think it takes to be a good doctor? What do you believe is the minimum requirement for being a good physician?
This is a very good example of how to teach the law.
You were the one who brought the virus back to the world
I think it was my father who said that I should become a professional baseball player.
There was a group of people that we had to meet.
There is no cure for the coronaviruses
I was born with a rare genetic condition
Why do I have to go to the dentist every six months?
As long as the Chinese do not try to steal our intellectual property
What you learn from your teacher is what you learn at school.
I will take good care of your body. I promise that I will do everything I can to protect you from this disease.
I want to teach my friends so that they can learn from me.
It's been a long day and I just need to sleep.
It is best to take your medication when you are sick. And if you are not sure what medicine to take
She was found dead in the bathroom
My family has been waiting for this day for a long time.
You bit me! I could have died. We're out of sorry
And did you talk to Chief Meryl or Officer Stark?
I did an X-ray ink analysis for the CCB fake letters.
Luck had nothing to do with it
I do not care what others say. You and I will be together ..
Don't have this Harvard interview at noon?
If it makes you feel better
You stabbed me and sank me in my car.
a group can be found in the gun
Three days later
We both want to liberate the world from sexual oppression.
You would never take me to a French movie if we were home.
And why friends should take care of each other.
because the world has a lot more sadness than you can understand.
When the throttle stops
Do we have to find the secret entrance and place a group there
And they carried a piano
It will measure the sky with about twice the resolution and 10 times greater sensitivity.
Mr. Coleman
The Association operates on the basis of only what you need to know.
If anyone can hear me
Werewolves
What he wants to say is that drugs will just come in the middle.
You think he did not hear your prayers
The man gives to the family
The safety of all of you and keeping this family together is what matters most.
Every world
People will live in henhouses as long as they look good.
