Lou Lou is one who likes Siun Sin so very much.
I was following this man
If you don¡¯t know about sacrifices
We should not discuss her views about China or its policies.
I bit you! You can't blame the virus on me
That time
From the 3^rd^ grade to the 5^th^ grade
Between 2:30 and 2.35
It made sense that I'd go to the prison to get his donut.
There had to be a pill to clear the minds of the chicks.
You need this expensive rear seat that will shake you and your lady like a soft
Now I have to see if it had passed the incubation stage and was contagious.
This time
A heart-lung machine that can keep her alive but it is the respirators that keep her going.
This movie was filmed at Medellin
Joe's well being is important. I need to know that he's alive.
An autopsy revealed that the dead were not victims of an animal disease
Thor killed the first. The Hammer was the second. The third was not yet born.
First time in U.S. history
Your doctor told you to pay. So you needn't go to the hospital or the clinic unless you want to do that yourself.
The number of people who watch the movie is increasing online.
I'm fine
When I saw the virus
There is no evidence that this virus is from a living species. It looks like a synthetic virus
Jennifer Jenkins did what she could for her son
The hat was very expensive. So I told them to give me a new one.
I would be angry at you if you did not go to Chicago.
On our last vacation we had to return to the hotel.
Our experience with each type of person is what we need to know to treat them.
The day Apple introduces a new device with a new name.
I'm finally able to buy my favorite pair of jeans. I've been waiting for this day for so long.
It was a Saturday afternoon and I had to go somewhere.
According to local authorities
I don't have to be perfect. I just have to learn to improve myself.
It was like watching a movie with real actors doing real activities.
At the same time
I suppose he was buying a ticket to go to the airport.
I didn't want to see the number of people who died or were infected increase.
I am truly sad for the families of the victims of this virus.
Another candidate for president could be the one who has the most money.
I think you should go to the mall and get something that you want.
If the courts allow it
We wanted to get a look at someone alive so that we could say whether or not they were infected with the virus.
You have to go home. You need to come back home now.
A new study shows that the drugs being sold on the street are far more potent than what was originally intended by the manufacturers.
The number of people who want to watch the movie is increasing.
It's the best sport to watch on TV. It's called Football. And it's the only sport that I can watch on television.
It is because of the economic crisis that the world is so sad.
I am truly sad for you
If you have money
Her husband did not have any symptoms
She did not want to go out with me
How much money do you need to pay for a taxi?
A flood is a natural disaster caused by a change in the earth's climate.
You told me that you were going to go to the beach. 
There is no way to know whether the virus is airborne or not
I do not want him to be treated badly because he is my son.
And you are not going to make me say anything and then do that Mossad truth-lie trick.
No wonder Lou Lou likes Siu Sin so much.
It is not that you do not know about sacrifices.
They do not believe that Tilk and Rock'nor worked alone.
Who knows where she was at the time of the murder?
But we're just guessing Reith did not kill him.
I do not think it caused all this fuss.
Are you sure these evergreen stakes will kill this thing?
To insist on the mistakes of the past and to dig every wound?
I have wanted to hire another Asian for a long time.
According to the situation
It is dangerous. Only a stuntman can do it.
We will do it another time
Thanks to the delay tactics of the prisoners
For so much more money
Your husband may lose his job.
Tangles! Now
Euripides shows that
After almost six hours of ripping the waves with her oar and board
He locked me in his car while my child was dying!
I have to go in and clean the dead tissue.
Will he ask for a share of the money or will he want it all?
You will check the offices
The winds of Fate have blown towards my destiny.
I wanted to see you but Hunters had a problem with depression.
Because if you want to know .. do you really want me to get you out of this situation you are in .. and to save you from prison ..
Yes! I'm fine! The bullet just scratched me.
I did not want to go to hell
That was when I realized that I was in love with you.
It does not look like it is from any known living species.
Tell us or we will cut your fucking hand off your shoulder.
We both know that there is a lot of evidence to support this.
I have a queue of people who want to testify against you
You must let me see you for one last time.
The truth is
We do that. We have experience with every type of man.
Okay
I can not give reasons for rumors that could damage the name of Alarcon.
In addition to the cashiers
but not my time. You see
Can you say that mistakes were made in the investigation?
I understood your plan. You want to cut yourself off from the dagger.
Do you know why I like to watch our tape?
I should have killed you for your bad taste.
If you know what you want
If you still want to go to Union Square
But we wanted to see if we could dig up someone alive
You could say yes. I have to go home. Want to go home.
He claims that he stopped drug trafficking
Do I know what time it is? I want a quorum in an hour
So let's read some of Theodore's posts from last night.
Sarah Manning I know you may sound a little crazy
As far as you know
As far as I know
We will not let them go to the beach alone on motorbikes!
You have a way of making people feel that everything is going to be okay.
Danny did not kill that guy alone. I know you were there.
I do not know if we should trust him right now.
Have you ever been preoccupied with the many things in Christianity that the Bible does not say?
I say go there and break any Mohawk in the wood.
Why do you want a mural that shows people dying?
If you want them
Really. But I do not think you still know what you want.
